The ldif file can be quite confusing to people at a first glance,
and honestly,
a lot of LDAP can be a bit foreign to most people that have
ever worked with it before. This file here designates an
entry inside of it as a person,
and you can see it's very similar to the JDBC configuration that we had
before as far as the structure of a user ID and a password, but there's
also structure defining this user that's contained inside of here. So you
can see we have an ou, or what's referred to as an organizational unit, a
dc, or a directory context, there's organizational information inside of
here, you can see that there is our surname and that type of information
also defined inside of here. There is also the userPassword field,
and if you remember back to our ConferenceSecurityConfig file that we had,
there was a password attribute,
which we defined as a userPassword, and if you'll remember through
the bcrypt demonstration that we did earlier,
this is an encrypted password that is defined here.
So let's switch over to our IDE, and start entering this information in, and the rest of the structure that we need to create this server.